# outputs.tf
## Overview
The `outputs.tf` file is used in a Terraform project to define the output variables that are generated by the infrastructure deployment. These output variables can be useful for other parts of the project or for external consumers to access and utilize the deployed resources.

## Table of Contents
1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Methods](#methods)
4. [Useful details](#properties)

## Prerequisites
There are no specific dependencies or prerequisites required to use the `outputs.tf` file. However, it is assumed that the Terraform project has already been initialized and configured properly.

## Usage
To use the `outputs.tf` file in a Terraform project, you need to define the desired output variables and their values. These output variables can be retrieved and used by other parts of the project or by external consumers.

In the provided code example, an output variable named "primary_key" is defined. It retrieves the value of the primary access key of an Azure Storage Account (`azurerm_storage_account.sa.primary_access_key`) and provides a description of the output variable.

```terraform
output "primary_key" {
  value       = azurerm_storage_account.sa.primary_access_key
  description = "Primary key of storage account"
}
```

## Methods
The `outputs.tf` file does not contain any methods or functions. Instead, it defines output variables using the `output` keyword followed by the variable name, value, and optional description.

```terraform
output "<variable_name>" {
  value       = <value>
  description = "<description>"
}
```

- `<variable_name>`: The name of the output variable.
- `<value>`: The value of the output variable. It can be a specific value or reference to other resources or variables in the Terraform project.
- `<description>`: An optional description of the output variable to provide additional context or information.

## Useful details
- The `outputs.tf` file is used to define output variables in a Terraform project.
- Output variables can be used to retrieve and utilize the values generated during infrastructure deployment.
- Output variables can be accessed and used by other parts of the Terraform project or by external consumers.
- Output variables can be defined using the `output` keyword followed by the variable name, value, and optional description.
- The values of output variables can be specific values or references to other resources or variables in the Terraform project.